{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This project was done as the final project for my graduate-level course called ASIC design. I
\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 n this project the students used all the steps in the ASIC design flow to design, test, and build the Tiny MIPS CPU. The ASIC design flow starts with the specification/architecture step. For this project, the specification of the Tiny MIPS CPU and the block diagrams were given to the team by Professor Wu in the project description. Next, the team performed the RTL coding and Simulation, including writing all the Verilog code and creating the test benches shown in HDL Code and Testing sections. The following step is the logic synthesis where the team used Synopsis Design Vision to realize the Verilog code into logic gate cells. Then right after, in the optimization and DFT insertion step, the team used a script in Synopsis Design Vision to replace the D Flip Flops with D Flip Flops with scan cells which complete the scan cell insertion process. Both the gate level simulation and the static timing analysis are performed in Synopsis Tetramax with an ATPG script the team used. Then the team used Cadence Innovus, Chip Assembly Router, and Virtuoso to place and route the Tiny MIPS CPU synthesized schematic in a layout of a Pad frame. Finally, the team performed a DRC and LVS on the CPU in the pad frame with the schematic. The design is now ready to be fabricated with a GDS file. The project spanned from RTL to GDS Sign off. Professor noted the project as one of the best in the class and graded us with A+.}